In this video I demonstrate how to add new customers message and how to make sure that the message is
effectively added and can be used by.
So let's get started.
Our objective is to develop an idea some sort of cast a message that contains three attributes the id
the name the temperature and humidity.
We have already presented the steps in the previous culture and now we start implementing that.
First let's get to our rust package.
This is cooking workspace.
Archie was essentially besotted you is the name of the roast package.
Where are we going to implement the roast message.
First we need to create an image folder inside the rest package route Finder which is this one
make sure that the location is growth package for that and not any other insight or example if you create
the finder here or at the site of this father is not going to be visible and the father will not be
recognized and the message cannot be created.
So it must be created Navarros package Felger then we create our message.
So let's create a new text file.
I just answered that and it's
a good document.
So that means.
And let me open the whole project into line.
Are any of your choices in the business to cope now.
Inside the embassy father we have the sun's energy which is now country and we create our custom message.
We add different fields to the fight.
So first of all we had the idea which is an integer.
So I would use for 30 to post the name of type string with the temperature of type 32
and also will add the humidity of type 132 as well.
Now the message file is created you can refer to look emendations page.
We can go to that or slash energy if you want to have more information about the different primitive
types available for you to create customers messages and to find the attributes of various messages.
In our case we have used 32 in 32 and string but there are a bunch of different other types that can
also be used.
So after getting the Iraqi message the next step is to update the dependencies in both Pakistan ex-inmate
and semi-gloss that the XTi.
So we can divide these two fives over here.
We start by package that amount and we have to make sure that we have been depan message generation.
It's already there.
And also you have an execution the band message intact.
So these are the two lines that are important to generate messages with us.
We also will update the dependencies in the C Make list.
So first of all in the final package section we need to add a message generation as a component that
we do our message fifes and we're going to come with this section your
right.
The correct name of our message right so our message fighting squad.
We censor the image.
OK so this is threatening to be responsible for adding this fight to the rest of the system.
In addition in that package we need to add another dependency.
That is the message I'm dying.
And finally make sure the generic message dependency standard emphasis is also activated here.
Now you have done all the required configurations and we are ready to integrate our message.
Now are we to combine our backwards so that the message is generated we open a terminal and then we
go to look at the workspace.
And then you have to compile it using that can make.
So you can see that our message is now generated on the sensor imagery.
And if you want to make sure that the message is correctly generated and we can do Russ MSCE joke I
won't be censored.
So he is going to provide us all information about the disaster message.
It is located in the back and are most essential CBP and the title is IOTAs has said and this is the
content it has to do is the ID Street need both temperature and humidity.
So these are the four people that have defined our idea sounds good and it's fine.
So a big step we have already generated a message that can be used either step sister in the next video
I'm going to demonstrate how we use this message to communicate between two Snoad.
Why not.
That is the publisher of this message and the second note.
Well as a subscriber to as I said a message.
So let's see how it works.